TF migration docs (#2029)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/test-fairy/api-reference/upload-api.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Streamline your build process and upload APKs or IPAs directly to TestFairy.

### Usage

[Command line uploader](https://github.com/testfairy/command-line-uploader/blob/master/testfairy-uploader.sh)

[Jenkins](https://plugins.jenkins.io/TestFairy)

[Gradle](https://github.com/testfairy/testfairy-gradle-plugin)

> Android Studio http://docs.testfairy.com/Android/Uploading_with_Android_Studio.html

Author: what should we do about this link?

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>groups</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Comma-separated list of tester groups that will get permission to download this app.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>notify</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Send email to all users in 'groups'. Can be "on" or "off". Default is "off".</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>release_notes</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Release notes for this upload. This text will be added to emails and landing pages.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>auto_update</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Allows an easy upgrade of all users to the current version. Can be "on" or "off". Default is "off".</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tags</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Set of comma-separated tags to be displayed and search upon.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>folder_name</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Name of the dashboard folder that will contain this app</p></td>

Author: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Name of the dashboard folder that contains this app</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>landing_page_mode</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Landing page mode. Can be "open" or "closed". Default is "open".</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>upload_to_saucelabs</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>Upload file directly to Sauce Labs. Can be "on" or "off". Default is "off".</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>platform</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>In case app is not iOS or Android, which are detected automatically, use this to mark an app for specific desktop or console platforms. Values can be "xbox", "playstation", "switch", "windows", "macos". This feature is not enabled by default, please contact support for more information.</p></td>

Author: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| OPTIONAL |</small></p><p>In case app is not iOS or Android, which are detected automatically, use this to mark an app for specific desktop or console platforms. Values can be "Xbox", "PlayStation", "switch", "windows", "macos". This feature is not enabled by default. Contact support for more information.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<Tabs
groupId="params"
defaultValue="required"
values={[
{label: 'Required Params', value: 'required'},
{label: 'Optional Params', value: 'optional'},
]}>

<TabItem value="required">

```bash title="Sample Request with Required Params"
curl https://upload.testfairy.com/api/upload -F api_key='your_api_key' -F file=@sample.apk
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="optional">

```bash title="Sample Request with Optional Params"
curl https://upload.testfairy.com/api/upload \
	-F api_key='your_api_key' \
	-F file=@sample.apk \
	-F symbols_file=@sample_mapping.txt \
	-F groups='friends,beta' \
	-F notify='on' \
	-F release_notes='stabilitty fixes, improvedment in ui' \
	-F tags='production, english'
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Responses

> In the case of an error, TestFairy will return a JSON with `status` => `fail` and `code` with one of the values listed below. An additional human-readable error message is supplied to detail the cause of the specific error.

Author: ```suggestion
In the case of an error, TestFairy returns a JSON with `status` => `fail` and `code` with one of the values listed below. An additional human-readable error message is supplied to detail the cause of the specific error.
```

<table id="table-api">
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td><code>200</code></td>
			<td colSpan='2'>Success.</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td><code>1</code></td>
			<td colSpan='2'>Parameter 'xxx' is missing.</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td><code>5</code></td>
			<td colSpan='2'>Invalid API key.</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td><code>105</code></td>
			<td colSpan='2'>Invalid file.</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
	
</table>

```json title="Sample Response"
{
	"status": "ok",
	"app_name": "Jigsaw Puzzlers",
	"app_version": "0.9.5",
	"app_url": "https://app.testfairy.com/download/6CWKJCHD60PPVWYJHGM4AADJQYA4SDR0/filename.apk",
	"landing_page_url": "https://tsfr.io/3tajti",
}
```

</details>

> ### Where can I find my API Key?

Author: ```suggestion
### Where Can I Find my API Key?
```

In order to get your API KEY, open your account preferences at https://app.testfairy.com/settings/ and click on **Upload API Key**.

> ### How can I create a new API Key?

Author: ```suggestion
### How Can I Create a New API Key?
```

In order to create a new API KEY just click on **Regenerate API Key** in your account preferences page.

> ### Why is my API Key empty?

Author: ```suggestion
### Why Is My API Key Empty?
```

> In cases where we identify that your API KEY was used by mistake to initialize the SDK instead of using your APP TOKEN, we automatically reset the API KEY in order to protect your privacy. In this case, please change the SDK initialization to use the APP TOKEN and create a new API KEY.

Author: ```suggestion
In cases where we identify that your API KEY was used by mistake to initialize the SDK instead of using your APP TOKEN, we automatically reset the API KEY to protect your privacy. In this case, change the SDK initialization to use the APP TOKEN and create a new API KEY.
```

> ### Can I add custom metadata?

Author: ```suggestion
### Can I Add Custom Metadata?
```

> Yes. Any POST parameter that its name is prefixed with "metadata." will be considered custom data and stored along with the upload. For example, consider this command:

Author: ```suggestion
Yes. Any POST parameter whose name is prefixed with "metadata." is considered custom data and stored along with the upload. For example, consider this command:
```
